# Adding IST-Printer on MacOS 10.15.X or Higher
Note: **YOU MUST BE INSIDE THE BUILDING ON AN ETHERNET CONNECTION OR ON THE VPN WHEN USING WIFI OR FROM OFF CAMPUS FOR THIS TO WORK**
<br/>

## Please remove the old printer first before continuing by following these steps: Open your Apple Menu in the top-left corner of the screen, Select `System Preferences`, then `Printers and Scanners`, select the ISTPrinter from the menu on the left, and press the minus button on the bottom and remove it. Next you will need to remove your credentials from this printer so they don't conflict with the new printer. You will need to open `Keychain Access` or just `Keychain` and select `login` on the left side. This should bring up a list of things. Near the top of the window, next to `All Items` select `Passwords`. Scroll through this list until you find "IST-Printer" (Or whatever you decided to name it) and delete that entry.

Download and install the driver for MacOS that are located on the SharpUSA website: https://business.sharpusa.com/product-downloads. You will need to set these options: `"Product Category -> MFPs" "Product -> MX-7580N" "File Type -> Drivers and Utilities"`. Click `Search` and this should open a new page with your options and a list of drivers that you can choose from. Please choose the Mac Driver that is labeled `Mac OS Driver Package` and find the one that has `PS Mac OS 10.x to 10.x` that fits your operating system. You can find the OS number in the About section of your Mac. This will download a zip file. To install the driver, you will need to extract the contents of the zip file to your desktop. This will give another zip and a folder. You will need to open the folder and run the .dmg file and go through the install process.

## Once you have downloaded the driver package, you will need to email or call the Systems office (uno-ist-support@unomaha.edu OR 402-554-4932) for the new instructions on how to install the printer. If your mac is NOT on the domain, we will also need to know your account name. To get your account name, log into your account, search `Terminal` and open it. Then in the command window, enter the command `whoami`. This will tell you the account name.
